AutoOps for self-managed FAQ and related updates (#4436)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/monitor/autoops/ec-autoops-faq.md

:   For more information, refer to [](/deploy-manage/security/elastic-cloud-static-ips.md).

$$$agent-nodes$$$ **Do I have to install {{agent}} separately for each node in my cluster?**
:    No, to run AutoOps in your self-managed environment, you only have to install the agent once per cluster.

> $$$connect-more-clusters$$$Do I have to go through the whole installation wizard to connect more clusters?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$$$connect-more-clusters$$$ **Do I have to re-run the installation wizard to connect more clusters?**
```
Maybe we could shorten this so as not to imply that the wizard is cumbersome to use. We'd need to fix the link up at that top too, of course.
